	Dreaming was considered a supernatural communication or a means of divine intervention, whose message could be unravelled by people with certain powers. Our project, Dream Catcher, will focus on dream interpretation and display it via Android Apps. Starting with 400 dream terms, such as accident, darkness, falling, flying, ocean, etc., we created interpretations for each term obtained from a dream dictionary. With IBM Watson system, we uploaded documents into corpus, which included both dream terms and its interpretations. With IBM Watson learning process, we generated 500 Q&A pairs from the uploaded dream documents. For instance, if you ask IBM Watson "What does it mean when I dream about falling?", you can get several answers in different correlation levels. Generally, the top response is the most relevant answer to the question.

	In addition, the platform applied for users is Android Apps. Android provides an app framework (Android Studio) that allows developers to provide unique resources for different device configurations. For our application, we mainly use XML and JavaScript for Android programming.  The connection between IBM Watson and Android Apps is through rest API, which can be reached from IBM Bluemix. When users asked questions via an Android device, the question documents will be then delivered to the IBM Watson's system through the rest API. After IBM Watson finishes processing the question, it then transfers answers back to the users' Android device using the rest API once again. For example, when users ask "What does it mean when I dream about falling?",  a  JSON file will be delivered to the IBM Watson corpus. After the question is interpreted, it will deliver an answer to the users' Android device and show up on the interface.

	Our project is robust since dream interpretation is closely correlated to people's lives. Dreams are part of our subconscious. With this in mind, it can help you discover a part of you that you did not even know. With our Dream Catcher App, not only can you interpret your dreams, you can keep it for memories sake. Furthermore, you can share these mind-created stories to the world. 
